[Applause]
I see Santa's coming actually sun is
coming he's coming he's coming
[Music]
over here
please calm down I know you're excited
it's nearly Christmas sorry yesterday
that's okay welcome to Santa's Ling shop
where we're building links for all the
businesses that are on the good list I'm
making a note of those on the naughty
list
why are there some businesses on the
naughty list well these businesses are
doing dodgy black hat techniques they're
building Spanish links They're copying
website content and they're not being
original with the copy the media and the
way they want to rank their website oh
we've got a new email
a business needs some links built so
they can ramp up their website leads for
the new year take a batch of links the
right way
continue
that was another one taking some links
right away okay Santa
I don't know what else getting some link
of course
who else on the whole we've had a
fantastic season but I can see there's
quite a few links that were never built
and distributed does anyone know what
happened no no I'll never do that to you
SEO Sadler you know in your life I'll
never do that to you
mailbox wasn't me
[Music]
I'm really excited we've got a brand new
team member joining us today let's see
how we get on
we've just had a big order I needed
these links built and distributed can
you get it done yeah
[Music]
wow that was quick we've actually got a
couple more orders you can get to it
what
foreign
wow
[Music]